add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_tolstabeach
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_drakenburg
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_waterwaytojelkala
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_thearena
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_snowytown
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool mp_battle_map_002
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_hadiiqa
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_killington
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool mp_skirmish_map_003_skinc
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_whitebridge
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_sandpit
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_lighthouse
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_orionarena
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_sanctuary
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_pompeii
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_ugor
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_skolderby
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_vatnborg
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_khamsin
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_quarry
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_talmberg
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_abandoned
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_verloren
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_hexenbrennen
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_icelake
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_persia
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_ketilsfarm
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_ghosttown
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_fieldbytheriver
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_dragonsroost
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_zemouri
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_monastery
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_islandvillage
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_sallyout
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_kingsroad
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_sandiboush
add_map_to_automated_battle_pool crpg_battle_banditvalley
